c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ArcGisSilverlightApplication.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ArcGisSilverlightApplication.pdb
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ArcGisSilverlightApplication.xap
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ArcGisSilverlightApplicationTestPage.html
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ESRI.ArcGIS.Client.Behaviors.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ESRI.ArcGIS.Client.Bing.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ESRI.ArcGIS.Client.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ESRI.ArcGIS.Client.Portal.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ESRI.ArcGIS.Client.Printing.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ESRI.ArcGIS.Client.Toolkit.DataSources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ESRI.ArcGIS.Client.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\System.Json.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ESRI.ArcGIS.Client.xml
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ESRI.ArcGIS.Client.Behaviors.xml
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ESRI.ArcGIS.Client.Bing.xml
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ESRI.ArcGIS.Client.Portal.xml
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ESRI.ArcGIS.Client.Printing.xml
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ESRI.ArcGIS.Client.Toolkit.xml
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ESRI.ArcGIS.Client.Toolkit.DataSources.xml
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\System.Json.xml
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.xml
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.xml
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.xml
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\de\System.Json.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\es\System.Json.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Json.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\it\System.Json.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Json.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Json.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Json.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Json.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Json.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Syndication.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\obj\Debug\ArcGisSilverlightApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\obj\Debug\ArcGisSilverlightApplication.g.resources
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\obj\Debug\ArcGisSilverlightApplication.dll
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\obj\Debug\ArcGisSilverlightApplication.pdb
c:\users\toshkata\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\ArcGisSilverlightApplication\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
